[pull] primary from flybywiresim:primary (#313)
Valastiri/fbw-userguide: docs/fbw-a32nx/feature-guides/flyPad/throttle-calibration.md

    - `THROTTLE 1 AXIS (0 TO 100%)` and `THROTTLE 2 AXIS (0 TO 100%)`<br/>(for a throttle with two levers)
        ![Throttle Axis Mapping](../../assets/flypad/throttle-calibration/throttle-axis-mapping.png "Throttle Axis Mapping"){loading=lazy}

    - `THROTTLE 1 AXIS` and `THROTTLE 2 AXIS`<br/>(for a throttle with two levers)
        ![Throttle Axis Mapping](../../assets/flypad/throttle-calibration/throttle-axis-mapping-3.png "Throttle Axis Mapping"){loading=lazy}

    - `THROTTLE AXIS`<br/>(for a throttle with one lever)
        ![Throttle Axis Mapping](../../assets/flypad/throttle-calibration/throttle-axis-mapping-2.png "Throttle Axis Mapping"){loading=lazy}

    Make sure if you move the throttle all they way from lowest setting to highest setting that the white bar underneath the mapping line also moves all the way in both directions.

??? tip "Test the Movement of the Throttle in the Cockpit Now!"
    The throttle in the cockpit should now move in the correct direction. If not check the `Reverse Axis` box here:

    ![Reverse Axis Box](../../assets/flypad/throttle-calibration/reverse-axis-box.png "Reverse Axis Box"){loading=lazy}

>     !!! warning "Don't worry if the throttle does not go all the way or too far into reverse now. Only the movement direction is import at this point. "

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    !!! warning "Don't worry if the throttle does move all the way or moves too far into reverse now. Only the movement direction is important at this point. "
```
